Updated FF experts page (#259)
FlutterFlow/flutterflow-documentation: docs/misc/hire-flutterflow-developer.md

---
title: Hire FlutterFlow Developer

> description: Learn how to hire a FlutterFlow Developer.

Reviewer: can you add a slug and fix the redirects for the old page?

Author: Yes, added now! Thanks.

sidebar_position: 1
keywords: [Hire FlutterFlow Developer, FlutterFlow Expert]
---

# Hire FlutterFlow Developer

You can hire a skilled FlutterFlow Developer to build your app at: https://www.flutterflow.io/hire-developer.

> FlutterFlow Developers include agencies and freelancers skilled in building apps using FlutterFlow. Many of them have the **FlutterFlow Expert** badge, awarded to those who demonstrate advanced technical proficiency. To earn this recognition, they must pass the FlutterFlow Expert training and submit a portfolio of their work for our evaluation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**FlutterFlow Developers** include agencies and freelancers skilled in building apps using FlutterFlow. Many of them have the **FlutterFlow Expert** badge, awarded to those who demonstrate advanced technical proficiency. To earn this recognition, they must pass the FlutterFlow Expert training and submit a portfolio of their work for our evaluation.
```

- **Browse Developers**: Explore available Developers, view their details, and reach out to specific ones.

In both cases, you’d need to make an account with FlutterFlow, and fill out a project proposal about your project. Make sure to clearly convey your needs, objectives, and any specific requirements. This information is crucial for the Developer to provide you with an accurate timeline and quote.

## Get Matched With Developers

To get matched with developers based on your project requirements, follow the steps below:

1. Create or log into your FlutterFlow account.

    ![login-ff-2.png](imgs/login-ff-2.png)
    
2. Fill out your project details, including features, budget, geo, and language preferences.
    
    ![project-details.png](imgs/project-details.png)
    
3. Review your project proposal for accuracy and completeness.
    
    ![review-project-proposal.png](imgs/review-project-proposal.png)
    
4. Confirm your project details to get matched with Developers based on your requirements.
    
   ![confirm-developers.png](imgs/confirm-developers.png)
    

:::info[Please Note]

> You can send your request to up to five Developers at a time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can send your request upto 5 Developers at a time.
```
